net: lib: aws_fota/azure_fota: Use length limits from download client (#11785)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/aws_fota.rst

Configure the following parameters when using this library:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_PAYLOAD_SIZE` - Sets the maximum payload size for AWS IoT job messages.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AWS_FOTA_DOWNLOAD_SECURITY_TAG` - Sets the security tag to be used in case of HTTPS downloads.

Additionally, configure the :ref:`lib_download_client` library:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_HOSTNAME_SIZE` - Sets the maximum hostname length for the download client.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` - Sets the maximum filename/path length for the download client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_MAX_FILENAME_SIZE` - Sets the maximum length of the file name for the download client.
```
This does remove the path part. Not sure how important that is.
